[Docs] Rename remaining instances of Cognitive Search to AI Search (#961)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: docs/customization.md

The chat tab uses the approach programmed in [chatreadretrieveread.py](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/blob/main/app/backend/approaches/chatreadretrieveread.py).

> 1. It uses the ChatGPT API to turn the user question into a good search query.

Author: ```suggestion
1. It uses the OpenAI ChatCompletion API to turn the user question into a good search query.
```

2. It queries Azure AI Search for search results for that query (optionally using the vector embeddings for that query).

> 3. It then combines the search results and original user question, and asks ChatGPT API to answer the question based on the sources. It includes the last 4K of message history as well (or however many tokens are allowed by the deployed model).

Author: ```suggestion
3. It then combines the search results and original user question, and asks OpenAI ChatCompletion API to answer the question based on the sources. It includes the last 4K of message history as well (or however many tokens are allowed by the deployed model).
```

The ask tab uses the approach programmed in [retrievethenread.py](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/blob/main/app/backend/approaches/retrievethenread.py).

1. It queries Azure AI Search for search results for the user question (optionally using the vector embeddings for that question).

> 2. It then combines the search results and user question, and asks ChatGPT API to answer the question based on the sources.

Author: ```suggestion
2. It then combines the search results and user question, and asks OpenAI ChatCompletion API to answer the question based on the sources.
```

The first step is to identify where the problem is occurring. For example, if using the Chat tab, the problem could be:

1. OpenAI ChatCompletion API is not generating a good search query based on the user question
2. Azure AI Search is not returning good search results for the query
3. OpenAI ChatCompletion API is not generating a good answer based on the search results and user question

You can look at the "Thought process" tab in the chat app to see each of those steps,
and determine which one is the problem.

> #### Improving ChatGPT results

Author: ```suggestion
#### Improving OpenAI ChatCompletion results
```

The first step is to identify where the problem is occurring. For example, if using the Chat tab, the problem could be:

> 1. GPT model is not generating a good search query based on the user question

Author: ```suggestion
1. ChatCompletion API is not generating a good search query based on the user question
```

> 1. ChatCompletion API is not generating a good search query based on the user question

Author: ```suggestion
1. OpenAI ChatCompletion API is not generating a good search query based on the user question
```

2. Azure AI Search is not returning good search results for the query

> 3. ChatCompletion API is not generating a good answer based on the search results and user question

Author: ```suggestion
3. OpenAI ChatCompletion API is not generating a good answer based on the search results and user question
```

The first step is to identify where the problem is occurring. For example, if using the Chat tab, the problem could be:

> 1. ChatGPT is not generating a good search query based on the user question

Author: ```suggestion
1. GPT model is not generating a good search query based on the user question
```

2. Azure AI Search is not returning good search results for the query

> 3. ChatGPT is not generating a good answer based on the search results and user question

Author: ```suggestion
3. GPT model is not generating a good answer based on the search results and user question
```

> If the problem is with ChatGPT (steps 1 or 3 above), you can try changing the relevant prompt.

Author: ```suggestion
If the problem is with the ChatCompletion API calls (steps 1 or 3 above), you can try changing the relevant prompt.
```

> Once you've changed the prompt, make sure you ask the same question multiple times to see if the overall quality has improved. ChatGPT can yield different results every time, even for a temperature of 0.0, but especially for a higher temperature than that (like our default of 0.7 for step 3).

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've changed the prompt, make sure you ask the same question multiple times to see if the overall quality has improved. The ChatCompletion API can yield different results every time, even for a temperature of 0.0, but especially for a higher temperature than that (like our default of 0.7 for step 3).
```

> You can also try changing the ChatGPT parameters, like temperature, to see if that improves results for your domain.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also try changing the ChatCompletion parameters, like temperature, to see if that improves results for your domain.
```
